feat: VisualStateExtensions (#339)
unoplatform/uno.toolkit.ui: doc/helpers/VisualState-extensions.md

# VisualStateExtensions Attached Properties
Exposes visual states as attachable properties that lets you bind a string on a `Control` to set its `VisualState`s.

## Remarks
`VisualStateManager.GoToState` is typically used with `Control` where you would set `<VisualStateManager.VisualStateGroups>` on the root element of the ControlTemplate. Because this class is implemented using the same method, it means that if you are setting `Group1State` on an element, the `VisualStateManager.VisualStateGroups` should not be set on the very same element, but its first child:
```xml
<Page utu:VisualStateExtensions.Group1State="{Binding OnboardingState}">
    <!-- Wrong -->
    <VisualStateManager.VisualStateGroups>...

    <!-- Good -->
    <Grid>
        <VisualStateManager.VisualStateGroups>...
```

Multiple `Group1..4State`s are provided:

> 1. to allow for multiple concurrent/parallel states (eg: LoginStates and NetworkStates groups) where each group affect different sets of UI elements' proties; and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. to allow for multiple concurrent/parallel states (eg: LoginStates and NetworkStates groups) where each group affects a different set of UI elements' properties; and
```

Reviewer: Should it be `UIElement` instead of "UI element" or you just mean properties relating to specific components of the UI?

Author: this reads like I had a stroke lol

Author: In the board sense, not the `UIElement`.

2. to leave room for composite states where the activation is based on a specific combination (eg: LoggedIn + OnMeteredNetwork)

## Properties
Property|Type|Description
-|-|-
Group1State|string|Gets or sets the current state of the VisualStateGroup 1
Group2State|string|Gets or sets the current state of the VisualStateGroup 2
Group3State|string|Gets or sets the current state of the VisualStateGroup 3

> Group4State|string|Gets or sets the current state of the VisualStateGroup 4

Reviewer: Just so I understand, why are we limiting to 4? Just because there aren't usually more than 4 VisualStateGroups in a template?

Reviewer: I may have missed it in the discussions but would it be possible to just use a string collection so we can just do something like `.States="Focused, Pressed, etc."`

Author: ~~Chosen by fair dice roll.~~ Joke aside, the original had 4 sets, which I think is enough for most cases. You would normally need 1-2.
It is feasible, and that one was part of [ViewDebugger's contract](#332). This syntax was just not chosen for `VisualStateExtensions`.

Author: On a second thought, we will be using the aggregate syntax.
